Document how to try release-bot locally (#161)
user-cont/release-bot: README.md

It should not create merge conflicts, but in case it does,
you have to solve them first before attempting the release again.

# Try it locally
For now, the easiest way how to install release-bot is via pip.
Other possible installations are through
[Docker](#docker-image), [OpenShift](#openshift-template).
```
$ pip install release-bot
``` 
First interaction with release bot may be automated releases on Github. Let's do it. 

#### 1. Create upstream repository 
First of all, create a Github repository or use an existing one. This will be upstream repository

> were releases will be published. Within upstream repository create `release-conf.yaml` file which contains info on how to release the specific project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where releases will be published. Within upstream repository create `release-conf.yaml` file which contains info on how to release the specific project.
```

Copy and edit [release-conf.yaml](release-conf-example.yaml). For possible advanced setup check [the documentation for an upstream repository](#upstream-repository).

> #### 2. Create another private repository

Reviewer 2: You don't need this when running the bot locally: that's actually specific to s2i and the deployment.

It's just fine to say that people need to have specific config files ready.

In the next step, create another private Github or local repository for the purpose of storing config files with access tokens.

Within private repository copy and edit [conf.yaml](conf.yaml) to allow automatic Github releases. You will need to generate a [Github personal access token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line/).
Recommended permissions for access token are: `repo`, `delete_repo`, `user`. Later on, this repository will store also `.pypirc` file for PyPi configuration.
For possible advanced setup check [the documentation for a private repository](#private-repository).

#### 3. Run release-bot
At this point, release-bot is installed. At least two configuration files are set `release-conf.yaml` and `conf.yaml` (optionally `.pypirc`).
 
 Launch bot by a command:  
```$ release-bot -c <path_to_conf.yaml> --debug```  
You can scroll down and see debug information of running bot.

#### 4. Make a new release

> - Create a PR named `0.0.1 release` in your upstream repository. You can select your own version number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create an issue having `0.0.1 release` as a title in your upstream repository. You can select your own version numbers.
```

Reviewer 3: I guess this is correct. If you are using default configuration you have to create PR, because `trigger_on_issue` option is False by default.

Author: Thank you for the review. I agree with all the suggested changes above. But @rpitonak is right, also `github_username` must be added in `conf.yml`. I can change this guide for releases based on issues but default configuration files have to be changed.

Reviewer 2: +1 to change it so that people utilize trigger_on_issue=True; I always forget it's off by default

> - Once the PR is merged, wait for bot to make a new release (refresh interval is set in conf.yaml).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once the PR is merged, wait for bot to make a new release (refresh interval is set in `conf.yaml`).  
```
